I got hooked my very first first class
and I've been here four years later and
I'm loving it
it is head-to-toe workout a lot of core
a lot of upper body you know definitely
your glutes and that when you start
wearing your heels in the higher level
classes and it really is full-body what
I like about it well I have austrial a
start of osteoporosis and I need to do
strength training because it you know
that stuff helps you from stopping it
and going to the gym all the time it
just got boring this is this is not
worried it's really cool and I got not
bad muscle tone for being a 60 years old
almost usually once you've made it past
level three yeah it's like okay I want
when I hear that who you just met I
dragged her to class the very first time
and she's like oh I'll never want a pole
literally her third time walking around
she's like I have to have and her
husband and my husband actually made our
first bowls for us
and that and so I think almost all of my
girls have have one at home
as an instructor really thrills me when
I see my my ladies coming out of their
shell and all of a sudden they feel it
and that I had one student she was in
her mid 50s and said her whole life she
never felt sexy until she took my class
and that was just the best feeling in
the world to know that I helped bring
that out in her so I encourage everybody
to try it and you know just let yourself
go
you